# app-dev
## My favorite series is **Gilmore Girls**. 

It is about a dramedy centering around the relationship between a thirtysomething single mother and her teen daughter living in Stars Hollow, Connecticut.

>Gilmore Girls focuses on Lorelai Gilmore and her daughter Rory. Lorelai had Rory at the age of 16 and raised her daughter on her own. She left home soon after Rory was born and moved to Stars Hollow Connecticut, a small town where everyone knows each other. The show starts when Rory, now 16, gets accepted to a prestigious high school in Hartford, but needs help paying for it. That requires Lorelai to seek help from the people she ran away from, her parents. The show follows their daily life as Lorelai advances in her career as a hotel manager and Rory deals with the pressures of high school.

1. Season 1 - Lorelai, currently working at the Independence Inn in Stars Hollow, needs help from her parents to pay Rory's tuition to Chilton, a prestigious high school. This is the beginning of a revived, but difficult, relationship between Lorelai and her parents, Emily and Richard. Rory struggles to adjust the fast-paced nature of Chilton, as well as the multitudes of talented people in school who try to put her down. She also begins dating Dean, a new student in Stars Hollow who helps to keep her grounded while also helping her to be more open. Lorelai also begins dating Rory's English teacher Max, leading to her own struggles with relationships.
2. Season 2 - Lorelai and Rory continue to struggle with romance and careers. Rory is very happy with Dean, but new kid in town Jess--Luke's nephew--could change everything for her. Lorelai breaks up with Max and misses out on a chance to reunite with Rory's father, Chris. Luke continues to show his feelings for Lorelai, but she never notices. Lorelai also considers opening her own inn someday.
3. Season 3 - Rory's last year at Chilton is a tumultuous one, both personally and academically. She's applying for college, but wonders whether Harvard--her dream school--is really where she wants to go. Dean breaks up with her, allowing her to begin a relationship with Jess that is complicated from the start. Meanwhile Lorelai continues to go back and forth with the romantic prospects in her life. Her biggest challenger happens when the Independence Inn has a fire, pushing her to get closer to opening her own inn.
- Season 4 - Lorelai confronts money problems associated with not working while renovating the Dragonfly Inn. She also begins dating Jason, a rich man who works with her father. He represents the life she left, which makes her hide her relationship from her family. Rory begins her first year at Yale, and her first year without a boyfriend. She reconnects with the now-married Dean, which might push her to make a big mistake. Meanwhile, Luke finally admits his feelings for Lorelai--how will she respond?
- Season 5 - Lorelai begins her new relationship with Luke and enjoys success with her new inn. Emily and Richard, however, are not as happy, but when they reunite they meddle with Lorelai's personal life with less than desirable effects for their daughter. Rory deals with the aftermath of her affair with Dean, but also meets Logan, a son of a wealthy businessman, who helps her to explore life beyond her comfort zone. That relationship, however, leads one of the biggest fights in Gilmore Girls history.
- Season 6 - Lorelai proposes to Luke after he talks about what they should do to make Rory return to Yale. Rory and Lorelai are fighting for the first time, causing Rory to live at her grandparents house while she takes a break from Yale. It takes a blast from her past to convince her that she's not being true to herself. Luke meets the daughter he never knew, and his reaction to that could cause a rift in his relationship with Lorelai.
- Season 7 - Lorelai deals with the aftermath of sleeping with Chris, which ends with her rekindling her relationship with Rory's father. Things don't go well, as Chris wonders whether Lorelai still has feelings for ex-fiancee. Rory is in her last year of college, and struggles to decide what she wants to do in her post-grad life. Her decisions--assisted by Logan--harm her future prospects, causing her to breakdown and be on the lookout for any job she can find. The show ends with a reunion and a farewell.
